https://github.com/MasoniteFramework/masonite masonite
https://github.com/Neoteroi/BlackSheep blacksheep
https://github.com/Pylons/pyramid pyramid
https://github.com/aio-libs/aiohttp aiohttp
https://github.com/bottlepy/bottle bottle
https://github.com/channelcat/sanic sanic
https://github.com/cherrypy/cherrypy CherryPy
https://github.com/django/django Django
https://github.com/encode/django-rest-framework djangorestframework
https://github.com/encode/starlette starlette
https://github.com/falconry/falcon falcon
https://github.com/pallets/flask Flask
https://github.com/pallets/quart quart
https://github.com/plotly/dash dash
https://github.com/pyeve/eve Eve
https://github.com/starlite-api/starlite starlite
https://github.com/streamlit/streamlit streamlit
https://github.com/tiangolo/fastapi fastapi
https://github.com/timothycrosley/hug hug
https://github.com/tornadoweb/tornado tornado
https://github.com/vibora-io/vibora vibora
https://github.com/vitalik/django-ninja django-ninja
https://github.com/web2py/web2py -